Feature/redis plugins config (#91)
apache/skywalking-java: CHANGES.md

* Compatible with the versions after dubbo-2.7.14
* Follow protocol grammar fix `GCPhrase -> GCPhase`.
* Support ZGC GC time and count metric collect. (Require 9.0.0 OAP)

> * Add configuration of collecting redis parameters for jedis-2.x and redisson-3.x plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support collecting redis parameters for jedis-2.x and redisson-3.x plugin.
```

You are adding a feature, not just a config.
